3 days three and a half thousand
activists with one goal bring peace to
the people of Palestine for days now
this has been the nerve center of a
movement planning the next phase of
resistance yes they're here out of a
sense of protest of course but this has
been more about education with workshops
and plenaries on subjects ranging from
what they call Zionism and US
imperialism to Arms embargos biased
media narratives even art and culture
and the role it plays in the
resistance there's art everywhere with
an emphasis on how it is used as a
weapon for Liberation words to writer
khim Hower was on the panel of a session
called the pen as a sword ultimately
like art and culture connects with
people uh it comes from a place of the
people's emotional and and and political
connection to the struggle but it also
helps to sharpen their analysis of
what's happening and move them to action
this people's conference for Palestine
comes after weeks of student protests
across the us where the world witnessed
Riot police physically drag
demonstrators out of encampments on
college campuses which is why students
are a big Focus here the academic year
is over their appetite to protest is
only just getting started there is such
a rich diversity of tactics that we can
Implement and we're here to discuss that
and we're here to discuss those and
share our you know our experiences and
what we've seen be successful and what
we've seen you know could improve a
little bit more sh some advice
organizers say even more people would
have been here but Visa issues made it
hard for some from Middle Eastern
countries to attend around the world
though here or not they are mobilizing
and strategizing for them this is just
the beginning Phil LEL Al jazer
Detroit make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer out